chore: add debug profile + instructions to readme (#4494)
getsentry/sentry-relay: README.md

make lint
```

### Debugging

> Developer builds do not include debug information by default. Before attaching a
> debugger to your local Relay, first change `debug` to `true` under
> `[profile.dev]` in Cargo.toml and rebuild.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Developer builds do not include debug information by default. If you want to attach a
debugger to your local Relay, add a custom profile to your local `$HOME/.cargo/config.toml`:

```toml
[profile.mydebug]
inherits = "dev"
debug = true
```

and run `cargo run --all-features --profile mydebug`.
````

make lint
```

### Debugging

Developer builds do not include debug information by default. If you want to attach a
debugger to your local Relay, add a custom profile to your local `$HOME/.cargo/config.toml`:

```toml
[profile.mydebug]
inherits = "dev"

> debug = true

Reviewer: I'm now wondering if we should add this profile to the workspace Cargo.toml, might be useful for everyone.

Author: @jjbayer sounds good - added the profile and updated the README to match, if you could take another look 🙏
